Thank you so much Jensen for joining yet
again um for our build developer
conference. you were here a couple of
years ago and we had a chance at that
time to talk about all the great
innovation you were bringing to our
Azure and how customers were going to
benefit and in fact in the last two
years you've sort of continued to push
the real frontier of innovation and and
you and I have talked a lot about how
this may be again the golden age of both
silicon hardware systems software
systems all coming together and one of
the things that I I've really learned so
much from you in sort of saying look At
the end of the day, our joint goal is to
be able to deliver more intelligence to
the world. Uh, in some sense, you can
even say it's tokens per dollar per
watt, right? That's sort of what
ultimately is going to help the world
flourish. And so, I just wanted to be
able to maybe get your perspective on
all this. Maybe starting in fact with
the very start of what has been our
industry, which is Moors law. You have
really taken this Moors law and put it
back on hyperdrive. And maybe you want
to speak to uh in fact right behind me
is a signed GB 200 from you and we are
now just about putting that into massive
production and so I just wanted you to
talk a little bit about how this is
actually working generation to
generation in terms of just the benefits
of Moors law. So excited to be here
Satia. In fact, two years ago, we had
just launched the largest AI
supercomputer in the world together on
Azure. And then right now, as we speak,
we are in full production with Grace
Blackwell. We are ramping and scaling
and building the largest AI
supercomputer in the world in Azure. And
so, this is just an exciting exciting
time, literally two years later. Well,
during that time, we've we've in
innovated across the entire stack. This
is the big change in how computing works
now. Instead of just the processor
running static software, if you will,
everything about the stack has changed.
And so, uh, our processor has changed.
Our MV link has changed so that we can
scale up to a much larger compute node.
It's liquid cooled. The architecture is
FP4 tensor core. We now have the ability
to connect Grace and
Blackwell coherently over a super fast
link. Very important in the world of KV
caching as we talk about these large
agentic model and agentic workforces
workloads. And so all of this stuff
combined with our new CUDA algorithms
and new model technology in your new AI
infrastructure on Azure together, all of
that together, 40x speed up over Hopper.
40x speed up over Hopper. That's just an
insane speed up in just two years. No,
it's just unbelievable. And in fact, you
know, that type of compounding of
S-curves, right? your innovation, our
innovation coming together ultimately
driving that frontier forward is just
unbelievable. But one of the other
things you taught me which I'll always
remember is that speed of light
execution between even the two
organizations is a way to deliver that
right which is there is in fact uh you
know in our fleet as you can imagine we
have all the generations of Nvidia and
the new generations coming in and you
want to speak speak to a little bit of
what Mo's law and speed have to do with
each other when it comes to driving
innovation. Yeah, this is this is the
insane execution of our two
organizations now hyperl if you will. In
fact, when technology is moving 40 times
per
generation and it's 40 times every two
years, you really want to upgrade every
year. You don't want to wait every four
years, build out a giant fleet. You want
to build out small amounts of every
single year. And each year, let's say
it's 10 times faster than the last year.
And as a result, you, you know, cost
average, if you will, or inverse to
that, performance average up your entire
fleet. And so, you want to, you want to
innovate and you want to integrate new
data centers, new computer architectures
every year. The complexity of course is
the work that you and I do is not about
building PCs anymore. It's building
these giant AI factories. The scale is
incredible. The technology is insanely
complicated and for our organizations
now to be innovating every single year
requires really tight inte type type
integration and so that's the challenge
but the benefits incredible. Yeah. And I
think that that point about that physics
of the fleet right
continuously taking advantage of what
comes out each year and that compounding
of that 40x uh improvement every two
years let's say and then the fleet
itself will be there for four years 5
years and the benefits of it go all
through that period in fact talking
about that one of the other things you
mentioned this even in you know when you
talked about the first point which is
the software the innovation you're doing
in CUDA some of the system software work
that we do end to end. uh the app we we
talked a lot about even the new app
server for AI that we're doing even
something like even just you know when I
look at an application and its
performance whether it's latency cogs
even the smart techniques so prompt
caching plus everything else that
happens just makes a huge difference but
you want to talk about the compounding
effects of software that then add to all
of what we're doing together this is
just incredible about about computing
architectures that are stable that are
programming able have a rich ecosystem.
So meanwhile, while we're sitting here
executing from Pascal to Amper to Hopper
to Blackwell to, you know, next
generation, all of our software
architectures are compatible. As a
result, the rich ecosystem of tools and
all the developers that are developing
on it, they're anxious to develop on it
because the install base is so large.
They're anxious to develop on develop on
it because the ecosystem is so rich and
all of that enables them to invest
deeply into enhancing their models and
their algorithms and runtimes and
orchestration layers because it affects
and benefits the entire fleet. And so
while we're sitting here executing new
generations of architectures every
single year, we still want architecture
compatibility. We want the rich
ecosystem to be stable so that software
developers investments and all of the AI
developers investments and all your
infrastructure customers investments get
to be distributed and advertised across
the entire fleet. Yeah. And in fact, you
know, one of the things we're very
excited about is given the fleet we now
have, we are able to take advantage of
these software advances across the
entire fleet. And I think that's one of
the things that people don't understand
that even the things that were shipped
from you multiple years ago benefit from
software advances. That's right.
Continuously.
Uh Hopper, we've been shipping hoppers
to you now for two years. Over the
course of those two years through new
algorithms, let's just say transformer,
let's just say llama 70B. Over the
course of the last two years, we've
improved the performance 40x. Blackwell
to hopper is 40x. Hopper on Hopper has
been 40x over the last two years. We did
that through all kinds of things like
in-flight batching and and uh uh
speculative decoding and uh all kinds of
new algorithms that sit underneath the
inference engine. And we're willing and
of course all of the researchers and all
the the the the developers they want to
invest in improving the architecture on
CUDA because they know the install base
is so large. whatever work that they do
will benefit a lot of the fleet and many
users will be able to benefit from it
and so you're willing to dedicate your
entire you know all of your heart and
soul into optimizing the algorithm and
the architecture because the install
base is so large that's so well said
because in some sense you know the
latest GB200 coming up means some of the
folks who are doing the cutting edge new
training will go there and at the same
time we're also providing for example in
Azure container service some of the sort
of sophagains of the fleet on the GPU
fleet so that they can run any agent on
it. So that ability for us to be able to
flex the fleet for the various different
parts of the frontier of latency cogs
and performance is just fantastic to
have. Yeah, your your engineers and ours
are at this moment optimizing run times
on ampear
A10s, A100s. And the the beautiful thing
is because of because of our natural um
understanding of the importance of uh
preserving enhancing uh developer
productivity and developer value for the
life of the architecture. We support
software. We fine-tune software for as
long as we shall live. And so what and
all of that is just yeah between our two
companies, we're dedicated to all the
developers. Yeah, I know that's
absolutely and then the last one I
wanted to unpack is another thing you
talk about sort of GPUs is sort of more
broader than just one AI workload. It is
this accelerated compute vision you've
had quite frankly for you know the
longest time. uh but I think that also
is a massive benefit to us because that
also means we can bring many many
different classes of workloads that
means customers can use this fleet uh
for of course the cutting edge AI uh but
many workloads but you want to speak a
little bit to the what happens to
utilization and the diversity of
workloads uh that get all accelerated
one of the benefits of CUDA is that the
installed base is so large another
benefit of CUDA is that on the one hand
it's an accelerator architecture on On
the other hand, it's fairly general
purpose for some of the heaviest
workloads. Our two teams are working on
accelerating data processing,
accelerating data processing by 20x,
50x, transcoding video, image
processing, models of all kinds,
recommener systems, vector search
engines, all of those different types of
algorithms map wonderfully on top of
CUDA. And so with our computer
scientists working together, we can
accelerate one workload after another
workload, one after another workload.
And so as this tail, if you will, the
long tail of GPUs and all of the
frontier models move off to black wells
and futures, we leave behind this
compute fleet, which is still orders of
magnitude faster than general purpose
computing that can be used for all these
different workloads. And so our job is
to make sure that that fleet and that
workload all of the workloads of your of
your data center are fully accelerated.
The fleet is fully utilized for the
entire life of the fleet. No, that's
fantastic. And so well captures that
real essence, right? Ultimately, it's
not just tokens, but it's all workloads
per dollar watt. Can we really
accelerate them all uh as we continue to
innovate across both the hardware and
the software boundaries and really have
the compounding effects ultimately show
up for our customers. So thank you so
much Jensen for the partnership. Thanks
to everybody at Nvidia for the amazing
work uh that you all are doing. Uh and
it's great to see these two companies
that have worked from the very beginning
on many of these architectures uh to
come to this point where there is
complete new I would say emergence of
computing that none of us could have
ever imagined but is I think going to
have a very profound impact. So thank
you again and and Satia, thank you for
your partnership and leadership and the
the the alignment between our two
organizations to build the most advanced
infrastructure in the world, the most
advanced AI factories in the world is
really a delight. And here we are in
just two years time. AI has transformed
so profoundly and it's just so exciting.
This is the best of times and the best
of times are yet to